PEP 639: Apply changes to the draft based on the Discourse thread (#3835)
python/peps: peps/pep-0639.rst

The ``License-Expression`` optional :term:`Core Metadata field`
is specified to contain a text string
that is a valid SPDX :term:`license expression`,
as :ref:`defined above <639-spdx>`.

Build and publishing tools SHOULD
check that the ``License-Expression`` field contains a valid SPDX expression,
including the validity of the particular license identifiers
(as :ref:`defined above <639-spdx>`).

> Tools MAY halt execution and raise an error in such case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools MAY halt execution and raise an error when an invalid expression is found.
```

package through the messages issued by the tools when they detect invalid
ones, or when the deprecated ``License`` field or license classifiers are used.

If an invalid ``License-Expression`` is used, the users will not be able
to publish their package to PyPI and an error message will help them
understand they need to use SPDX identifiers.
It will be possible to generate a distribution with incorrect license metadata,

> but not to publish one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
but not to publish one on PyPI or any other index server that enforces ``License-Expression`` validity.
```
